[DRAFT] Move llm-d-infra content to llm-d (#194)
llm-d/llm-d: guides/pd-disaggregation/README.md

- Configure and deploy your [Gateway control plane](../prereq/gateway-provider/README.md).
- [Create the `llm-d-hf-token` secret in your target namespace with the key `HF_TOKEN` matching a valid HuggingFace token](../prereq/client-setup/README.md#huggingface-token) to pull models.

## Installation

Use the helmfile to compose and install the stack. The Namespace in which the stack will be deployed will be derived from the `${NAMESPACE}` environment variable. If you have not set this, it will default to `llm-d-pd` in this example.

```bash
export NAMESPACE=llm-d-pd # Or any namespace your heart desires
cd guides/pd-disaggregation
helmfile apply -n ${NAMESPACE}
```

**_NOTE:_** You can set the `$RELEASE_NAME_POSTFIX` env variable to change the release names. This is how we support concurrent installs. Ex: `RELEASE_NAME_POSTFIX=pd-2 helmfile apply -n ${NAMESPACE}`

**_NOTE:_** This uses Istio as the default provider, see [Gateway Options](./README.md#gateway-options) for installing with a specific provider.

### Gateway options

To see specify your gateway choice you can use the `-e <gateway option>` flag, ex:

```bash
helmfile apply -e kgateway -n ${NAMESPACE}
```

> To see what gateway options are supported refer to our [gateway control plane docs](../../gateway-control-plane-providers/README.md#supported-providers). Gateway configurations per provider are tracked in the [gateway-configurations directory](../common/gateway-configurations/).

Reviewer: Same as above, this link does not exist:
```suggestion
To see what gateway options are supported refer to our [gateway control plane docs](../prereq/gateway-provider/common-configurations/README.md#supported-providers). Gateway configurations per provider are tracked in the [gateway-configurations directory](../prereq/gateway-provider/).
```

You can also customize your gateway, for more information on how to do that see our [gateway customization docs](../../docs/customizing-your-gateway.md).

#### GKE specific workarounds

> While this example out of the box requires Infiniband RDMA, GKE does not support this. Therefore we patch out these values in [the helmfile](./helmfile.yaml.gotmpl#L73-80).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While this example out of the box requires Infiniband RDMA, GKE does not support this. Therefore we patch out these values in [the helmfile](./helmfile.yaml.gotmpl#L88-97).
```
Lines do not match up to rdma patches
